Grandpa, the doctor told me you're all right
Thank you, little girl
There are few people as kind as you now
that
I'll take you home.
I'm going to call my grandson.
Let him pick me up
Grandpa, your phone may have just been broken.
You use mine
World War II hurry up and pick me up at the hospital
This time I die
Your phone number.
I'll keep it for you.
Oh no.
Grandpa really promised me that my grandson has a head and a face
You saved my life.
Why do you want to see him in the future?
Ok thanks grandpa
Then I still have something to do, so I won't accompany you and wait for him.
See you tomorrow.
Grandpa, are you alright?
Very good.
Why didn't the housekeeper accompany you when you went out?
It's not because of your divorce
If I hadn't met a kind girl
You should have attracted my Lin Kang long ago
Grandpa, don't say those words that don't stand up
I only recognize Miss Gu Jia as my granddaughter-in-law
I promised Mingxuan's granddaughter-in-law that it was right
I ordered it for you.
Must be the best person in the world
You must approve the samurai
I'm holding on like this
Just to see you marry Chiyun
Grandpa can't stand the excitement
It seems that I can't connect Xiaoyun to my grandfather for the time being.